Card Types and functionality

Exploding Kitten: a player loses when they draw this card, unless they have a Defuse card in which case the Defuse is discarded and the Exploding Kitten placed back into the deck.
Defuse: allows the player to continue playing after drawing an Exploding Kitten.
Skip: the player ends their turn without drawing a card. <ends turn unless negated>
Attack: the player ends their turn without drawing a card and the next player takes two turns. <ends turn unless negated>
See the Future: the player views the top three cards of the deck.
Shuffle: the player shuffles the deck.
Favor: another player must give the player a card from their hand. <player selects another player>
Nope: stops the action of another player. Cannot be used on Exploding Kittens or Defuse cards. <used in response to another played card>
No Instructions: <have no effect unless played as 2 of a kind,  three of a kind, or five different cards>
  Pair: another player must give up a card at random from their hand to the player who played the pair.
  Triple: another player must give up a card named by the player playing the triple. If the other player does not
    have the requested card, nothing is given up,
  Pentuple: a player


Game loop should be as follows:
Assuming a turn flow works
turn starts on a player
player may play cards in hand
if a card is played and the card was not a defuse card then any player may play nope
all player may continue playing nopes until they decide to stop.
if the total number of nopes played is even, the card effect is invoked.
otherwise the card is negated and the turn continues as normal.
player may continue playing cards until he chooses to stop or until cards run out.
unless card effects ditate otherwise, a card is drawn from the deck and added to the player's hand, unless it is an exploding kitten.
if the newly drawn card is instead an exploding kitten,
if the player has a defuse card, he can choose to play it and instead of losing he may reinsert the card back into the deck.
When reinserting an exploding kitten the deck's cards may not be viewed. The card may be reinserted in any location on the deck.
If the player does not have a defuse card, the player loses, and the exploding kitten is discarded into the discard pile, as well as any
  any cards left over in that player's hand.
Play continues until only one player remains and wins.


current state is that i originally wanted to have each card have an attached function within itself.
I think now instead that i want to have the game loop simply have a stack of played cards which get resolved (nopes etc.)
this means that the game should loop over turns and then resolve cards as opposed to applying cards as they are selected.
I think this will separate responsibilities better.
